The sun is shining.
Have a good season
Is Lao Liang Ma Liang?
Brother, it's me, come to Rakshasa Kingdom as soon as possible to save me
I'm here.
Who are you really secretly contacting behind my back?
Do you want to run?
Get it for me
This Rakshasa country is very dangerous
It seems that the law cannot be used at will
I hope the dragon will fool me to rescue my brother
French envoy to see Rakshasa general
Envoy of Dongying Kingdom See Rakshasa General
The emissaries of the two countries came to offer gifts
I wish the general a silver plate
It doesn't look like any trouble.
The apprentice is still too timid
Go
Bring me the man who ghosts my grandson
Obey the general
Want something
Hey, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
The general is extremely ugly
How to deliver
Ah, let's talk
Although it must be too spies to take it down for me
Why do you say I am Jin Xin?
Although you are well disguised
Female native pariah knows nothing else
But you made a fatal mistake
A mistake that I would never make
What mistake?
That is, I don't know the name of this general
The face of this general Pan An is known all over the country
And you dare to question this general's one-foot prime minister
Go put him in jail
Let him cut into the camp, don't you dare
Brother, you are so hungry
I still have some
I'll give it all to you. Um, no, no, no, I'm almost full.
Dude, don't you know?
I'm here to find someone
Unexpectedly, I got lost and didn't eat for three days
This boss tastes delicious
I even ate here
This is Jianming Prison
What is Jianming?
Jianming is the skinny guy
Why do you have to go to jail for being thin?
Not necessarily in jail
I told you
No matter how thin you are, you may die suddenly, right?